PRODDOCS-667: Command line variables (#8629)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_command-line-variables.md

The `dbt_project.yml` file is a great place to define variables that rarely change. 

> When you need to override a variable for a specific run, for example to pass a date range or adjust behavior dynamically, use the `--vars` command line option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to override a variable for a specific run, use the `--vars` command line option. For example, when you want to test with a different date range, run models with environment-specific settings, or adjust behavior dynamically.
```
